XV - DYING SUN
- AMICIA: (GROANS)
GODDAMN YOU,
YOU GODDAMN PIG!!
- ARNAUD: Shhh...
Stop shouting.
For the pain.
We use it on the battlefield.
- AMICIA: Hugo?
- ARNAUD: I'm...
I'm sorry...
I was stuck.
I had to pull us out
or we'd be dead.
- AMICIA: I need to take him back!
The Count knows
what Hugo can do.
We need to reach them before he...
He hurts him even more.
- ARNAUD: Let's go.
Sophia and Lucas have gone ahead...
Looking for ...
- AMICIA: (GROANS) Goddammit!
- ARNAUD: Yeah...
- AMICIA: (GROANS)
- ARNAUD: Hold on.
I'll kick in soon.
- AMICIA: The Count.
Did he say something?
- ARNAUD: You broke his heart.
So now he wants war.
He said he'll use your brother...
...to conquer.
- AMICIA: There'll be nothing left to conquer.
- ARNAUD: I know.
- AMICIA: Sophia and Lucas?
- ARNAUD: Shaking, but fine.
The boy...
He's the one who cleaned your wound.
He's good.
They went to the wrech to find supplies.
- AMICIA: I'm so glad they're alive!
- ARNAUD: They'll be happy to see you.
Through here. Come.
Take it easy.
Don't go reopening that wound.
- AMICIA: Yes.
I think...
Your potion is starting to work.
- ARNAUD: To think
I could've killed that bastard Count.
- AMICIA: You couldn't win this one, Arnaud.
It's ruined.
It will never sail again.
- ARNAUD: Boats come and go.
But it's the sea
that keeps Sophia's going.
You know what I mean?
Focus on what matters to you.
Because when it's gone...
- AMICIA: Thank you.
- ARNAUD: We'll get him back.
- VICTOR: (CLAPS)
The word of a true knight, Arnaud!
- AMICIA: No...
- VICTOR: Really.
I've never seen anything like you.
- AMICIA: Where's my brother, you bastard!
- VICTOR: Safely in my possession.
Until he's ready to serve.
Until he sees your head in a rag.
And knows this whole world must burn.
- AMICIA: BASTARD!
- ARNAUD: I'll handle him.
- AMICIA: Like hell you will.
- AMICIA: What?
So that you can have your revenge?
- ARNAUD: So that you can save your brother.
I'll make him tell us where Hugo is.
Cover my arse and stay alive.
- VICTOR: I'll handle this one.
Kill the girl!
- SOLDIER: I'm with you, my Lord.
Reinforcements are coming!
- LUCAS: Watch out! They're here!
- AMICIA: Lucas! Are you hurt?
- SOPHIA: No, but we can't move!
Just stay alive!
- AMICIA: We'll get you out of here.
- VICTOR: You're going nowhere!
- ARNAUD: You stupid bastard!
What have you done with the fort?
- VICTOR: He's my son now.
My secret weapon!
- AMICIA: He thinks I'm dead.
He gave himself to the Macula.
- ARNAUD: Marseille...
You took the boy to Marseille
after what happened to your damn island?
- VICTOR: Shut up!
I will take care of it!
- AMICIA: Open your eyes.
It's too late!
Now everyone will die.
And he...
He...
Arnaud, we must leave. Now!
- VICTOR: You're not going anywhere.
- LUCAS: It will kill the sun.
The Nebula.
- SOPHIA: You did it.
You idiot.
Now we all... owe you.
- LUCAS: It's everywhere.
The rats will spread unchecked.
This is his judgement.
- AMICIA: Do we still have time?
- LUCAS: Does it matter?
Let's just go!
- SOPHIA: Make room.
I will take the ...
I have to do something.
- LUCAS: How far are we from Marseille?
- SOPHIA: Not too far, I'd say.
Amicia...
Are you alright?
- AMICIA: No... I could've...
- LUCAS: You couldn't!
I don't even know
how you're even standing.
- SOPHIA: You did all you could
and he knew it, Amicia.
Besides, you gave him what he needed most.
- AMICIA: The Count's death.
- SOPHIA: No.
Someone to care for.
A real purpose.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Yes... He gave his life for us.
I won't let it be for nothing.
Now we need to find out where Hugo is.
- SOPHIA: That's the problem.
Marseille is a damn big city.
- LUCAS: The birth of the Nebula
probably left marks.
Whatever's happening over there
Hugo must be at the central of it.
- AMICIA: How can we know...
He's still alive?
- LUCAS: There'll be signs.
I hope...
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
- SOPHIA: Wow...
That kind of sign?
- AMICIA: Yes... It's him!
- LUCAS: But I don't think
it's a good sign.
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
- LUCAS: What... What happened?
- SOPHIA: What's that damn rumble?
- LUCAS: It's... the final chant...
...of the Macula.
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
- AMICIA: Marseille...
- SOPHIA: They're barricading the gate.
Why?
- LUCAS: Because that rumble.
It's coming from the other side.
What do we do?
- SOPHIA: There's another gate further on
with that hays in the way.
- AMICIA: Wait, we have this canon.
- LUCAS: You know how it works?
- AMICIA: I don't know. Wait.
You push here... That must be it.
I've figured it out, I think.
- SOPHIA: Go on, then.
- AMICIA: Hugo...
(GROANS)
Sophia?
- SOPHIA: Over here.
- AMICIA: Who's wounded?
- SOPHIA: Who's not?
- LUCAS: We're here.
- AMICIA: I've never been to Marseille.
- SOPHIA: Oh...
You came in a lovely season.
- AMICIA: Let's go find my brother.